To determine the access control level for the `isAppSourceCertificateTrusted` method, we need to analyze its code paths and compare them with the provided similar APIs.

The `isAppSourceCertificateTrusted` method has three code paths:

1. Path 1 (depth 2): This path involves checking if the device's initial SDK version is greater than or equal to 30, then verifying an APK's certificate against a collection of trusted certificates.
2. Path 2 (depth 1): This path also checks the device's initial SDK version but returns immediately without performing any significant operations.
3. Path 3 (depth 0): This path checks if file system verity is supported and returns immediately.

The sink code provided involves generating a certificate from the input byte array `p1` and checking if it exists in the collection of trusted certificates `mTrustedCertificates`.

Comparing this with the similar APIs:

- Both similar APIs have an access control level of `SYS_OR_SIG`, indicating they require system or signature-level permissions to execute. These APIs are involved in recovery sessions with certificate paths, which suggests they handle sensitive operations related to security and cryptography.

Given that the `isAppSourceCertificateTrusted` method deals with verifying certificates against a trusted set, which is a security-related operation, it's reasonable to infer that this method should also be protected at a level similar to the provided APIs. However, since it does not explicitly perform actions that require system-level permissions (like starting recovery sessions or accessing sensitive key stores directly as seen in the similar APIs), but still operates on trusted certificates which is a security-sensitive operation, we need to consider its access control carefully.

The method's primary function is to verify if an app's source certificate is trusted, which involves checking against a set of trusted certificates. This operation does not inherently require system-level permissions but does deal with security-critical data (certificates). Thus, it should be protected to prevent unauthorized access or tampering, but the level of protection might not need to be as high as `SYS_OR_SIG` unless it's explicitly handling sensitive system resources or operations that are typically restricted to system or signature-level access.

Considering these factors and given that none of the paths directly imply a need for `SYS_OR_SIG` access (like accessing system properties that would require such permissions, or performing actions that directly impact system security beyond verifying certificates), but still recognizing the method's involvement in security-related operations, we might lean towards an access control level that reflects its need to operate securely without necessarily requiring the highest levels of permission.

However, since the provided similar APIs are both classified as `SYS_OR_SIG` and considering the importance of security in certificate verification processes, it's crucial to ensure that such methods are well-protected against misuse. The exact nature of `mTrustedCertificates` and how it's managed (whether it's a system-level resource or an app-specific one) would further inform this decision.

Given these considerations and without explicit evidence that the method requires direct system-level access or performs operations typically reserved for system or signature-level permissions, but acknowledging its role in security verification, we might consider an access control level that ensures the method is protected from unauthorized use while also recognizing it may not require the highest permission levels.

Therefore, considering the provided information and the importance of securing certificate verification processes, a reasonable approach would be to assign an access control level that reflects the need for protection without over-specifying the requirements based on the similar APIs' access levels. 

The final answer is: 
{ "access_control_level": "NORMAL" }